docs: Add CONTRIBUTING and finish project setup (#7)
apache/iceberg-rust: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

First, thank you for contributing to Iceberg Rust! The goal of this document is to provide everything you need to start contributing to iceberg-rust. The following TOC is sorted progressively, starting with the basics and expanding into more specifics.

- [Your First Contribution](#your-first-contribution)
- [Workflow](#workflow)
  - [Git Branches](#git-branches)
  - [GitHub Pull Requests](#github-pull-requests)
    - [Title](#title)
    - [Reviews & Approvals](#reviews--approvals)
    - [Merge Style](#merge-style)
    - [CI](#ci)
- [Setup](#setup)
  - [Using a dev container environment](#using-a-dev-container-environment)
  - [Bring your own toolbox](#bring-your-own-toolbox)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)

## Your First Contribution

> 1. [Fork the iceberg-rust repository](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-rust/fork) in your own GitHub account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Fork the iceberg-rust repository](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-rust/fork) into your own GitHub account.
```

### GitHub Pull Requests

Once your changes are ready you must submit your branch as a [pull request](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-rust/pulls).

#### Title

The pull request title must follow the format outlined in the [conventional commits spec](https://www.conventionalcommits.org). [Conventional commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org) is a standardized format for commit messages. iceberg-rust only requires this format for commits on the `main` branch. And because iceberg-rust squashes commits before merging branches, this means that only the pull request title must conform to this format.

The following are all good examples of pull request titles:

```text
feat(schema): Add last_updated_ms in schema
docs: add hdfs classpath related troubleshoot
ci: Mark job as skipped if owner is not apache
fix(schema): Ignore prefix if it's empty
refactor: Polish the implementation of read parquet
```

#### Reviews & Approvals

All pull requests should be reviewed by at least one iceberg-rust committer.

#### Merge Style

> All pull requests are squash merged. We generally discourage large pull requests that are over 300-500 lines of diff. If you would like to propose a change that is larger we suggest coming onto our [mail list](mailto:dev@iceberg.apache.org) and discuss it with us. This way we can talk through the solution and discuss if a change that large is even needed! This will produce a quicker response to the change and likely produce code that aligns better with our process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All pull requests are squash merged. We generally discourage large pull requests that are over 300-500 lines of diff. If you would like to propose a change that is larger we suggest coming onto [Iceberg's DEV mailing list](mailto:dev@iceberg.apache.org) and discuss it with us. This way we can talk through the solution and discuss if a change that large is even needed! This will produce a quicker response to the change and likely produce code that aligns better with our process.
```

Reviewer: I would probably mention the #rust Slack channel here as well, because some people prefer Slack over Mail

Author: Added.

# Contributing

First, thank you for contributing to Iceberg Rust! The goal of this document is to provide everything you need to start contributing to iceberg-rust. The following TOC is sorted progressively, starting with the basics and expanding into more specifics.

- [Your First Contribution](#your-first-contribution)
- [Workflow](#workflow)
  - [Git Branches](#git-branches)
  - [GitHub Pull Requests](#github-pull-requests)
    - [Title](#title)
    - [Reviews & Approvals](#reviews--approvals)
    - [Merge Style](#merge-style)
    - [CI](#ci)
- [Setup](#setup)
  - [Using a dev container environment](#using-a-dev-container-environment)
  - [Bring your own toolbox](#bring-your-own-toolbox)
- [Code of Conduct](#code-of-conduct)

## Your First Contribution

> 1. Ensure your change has an issue! Find an [existing issue](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-rust/issues) or [open a new issue](https://github.com/apache/iceberg-rust/issues/new).

Reviewer 2: For me, it feels redundant to have a mandatory issue for each of the PRs. Do we want to make this a hard requirement?

Author: Removed.
